check out this week's must-see movies
you can save your friends or you can
save us all a young hero leads his
friends on their final and most
dangerous mission yet in Maze Runner the
death cure in desolation three people
travel into the remote wilderness on a
solemn mission but are disturbed by a
mysterious hiker what do you want 19 men
attacked our country the 12 of you will
be the first ones to fight back in 12
strong a Special Forces team takes on
the Taliban after 9/11 the only way home
is winning see what's hot in theaters
with this week's fantasy patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]